Adding DNS Server port (#10079)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/api_tests/dns_tests.md

> {{< img src="synthetics/api_tests/dns_test_config.png" alt="Define DNS query"  style="width:90%;" >}}

Author: ```suggestion
{{< img src="synthetics/api_tests/dns_test_config_new.png" alt="Define DNS query"  style="width:90%;" >}}
```

1. Specify the **Domain** you want your test to query. For example, `www.example.com`.
2. Specify the **DNS Server** to use (optional), it can be a domain name or an IP address. If not specified, your DNS test performs resolution using `8.8.8.8`, with a fallback on `1.1.1.1` and an internal AWS DNS server.

> 3. Specify your DNS Server **Port** (optional). If not specified, the DNS Server port will default to 53.

Author: ```suggestion
3. Specify your DNS Server **Port** (optional). If not specified, the DNS Server port defaults to 53.
```
